04 July 2026 — Pops funeral raw entry

PRIVATE — RAW FILE — NOT FINALISED

Today’s Pop’s funeral.

Pops funeral
11 15 arrival
Starts at 12 30
Goes for 45 minutes
Gotta do viewing first etc

Today is Pop’s funeral and I’m attending.

My feet are fucking swollen and they don’t fit in my shoes properly.

I’ve got to speak today, like, I’ve got to speak at the wedding, not the wedding, the funeral, so I’m nervous about that, like...

Well, it’s been how many days since I’ve been awake and, like, how many days I’ve been high.

Obviously, everyone.

It’s just one thing after another, and Laura’s updated her fucking Instagram, so, and she only does that when, you know, she’s gone public again. First she deleted all her profiles, and then now she’s made it up again. Like, why?

Well, that’s the issue. It shouldn’t affect me, but it does.

Physical symptoms, like, I’m stressing the fuck out, like, over so much shit, and it’s like, why am I stressing out over a fucking Instagram bio update, like...

Photo sent — Laura’s Instagram bio update.

I’ll see what you put in the bio. O is Obi, her dog Obi, or Shane’s dog that she’s adopted apparently. And she’s got a little sausage dog, but I don’t know, it’s like S, so I don’t know what the name would be.

Well, it’s everyone’s, the S one is everyone’s first dog, and she always wanted a sausage dog, and she found the one.

I’m going to go drop this email, then I will talk to you soon.

Funeral aftermath

The funeral has officially just finished.

So I thought I’d be able to hold it together, but um, nah, I lost everything. I lost all control. Um, I did my speech. I couldn’t even look up at anyone. I had to look at the page because I just couldn’t, I couldn’t, I couldn’t process it.

It’s just, I don’t even know how to explain it. Like, I just fucking broke down and I just, like, was crying through the whole thing. It’s just not me.

A lot of people turned up. It was quite, it was quite good actually, and seeing a lot of people that I’ve known since they were babies and like seeing how big they are, because we, we used to all get together, but we haven’t for years. Like, I haven’t seen some of them for over 10 years, like, that’s how long it’s been.

Yeah, just looks to say emotions were fucking high today.

Please to an RSO for the work after thing. Yeah, I don’t know what else to say.

Well, with that, I’m heading back home quickly, and then I’ll go to the RSO.

I just, with everything going on, like, this is the last thing I needed. Like, I needed, like, you know, like, I’ve lost so many people, like, maybe not even all death, but, like, I’ve just lost everything, and I keep losing shit.

You know, like, I’m fucking unflipped, I’m high, like, I feel fine, like, I feel totally normal, but I don’t know.

I’m just wondering why, when, like, I know it’s gonna come out soon, like, obviously for stuff like neglects and emotions, but I’m just wondering how.

I came out during the funeral a little bit, like I was just, I couldn’t control, I was in tears, I couldn’t fucking, I had a snotty nose, like, I just couldn’t stop.

I just feel like, you know, it’s something like, oh, I don’t know.

Just say to me right there in the costco.

saying in lossless bodies, knowing how effective they have been should by the time it’s so high.

It’s makes me

China, China’s speech was good.

I’m just telling you about how it all went. I don’t know how you’re gonna cut through it, if you’re gonna cut through certain memories or whatever, but I’m just, yeah, like it’s, yeah, I don’t know.

I’ll get tired of it.

Just emphasise on my emotions are high, stresses are high, and, you know, I miss Pop. Like, he was a big part of our family. Like, more, like, I reckon I cried more at fucking Pop’s than Dad’s, like.

I just wish my life was better.

Background context

Jason was my uncle who died in 2018, he was Pop’s son. Like, you know, they, them two, my Pop and my uncle, were so, were so close to them, like, it’s crazy, I don’t know, there’s no words to explain it, like, as I said, they’re more important to me than my dad’s wife.

All three of us were pretty much close together. Like, oh, they were close with everyone else, but like, me, Pop, and Jay were, you know.

Emotional direction for later draft

Make it deep and dark.
Emotionalise it.
Dramatic-like.
Emotions were fucking high today.
Stress was high.
I miss Pop.
He was a big part of our family.
This was the last thing I needed with everything else going on.
I’ve lost so many people, not even all death, but I’ve just lost everything and I keep losing shit.
Seeing him there, lifeless, after knowing how active he had been, hit hard.
Tina’s speech was good.
Me, Pop, and Jay had something close that doesn’t have proper words.